
Hey everyone!

Welcome to CS7637: Knowledge-Based AI! I'm David Joyner, and I'm the instructor for this course this semester. Ida Camacho will be our Head TA, and Cason Cherry will be our Forum TA, so you'll be seeing them a good bit as well! There are also several TAs behind the scenes, but you likely won't hear from them directly as much; they'll be grading your assignments and giving you feedback. You might catch them around the forum though.

If you've taken a course with me before, you know that I typically start and end each week with some summary announcements the cover what you should do over the next week or weekend. I'll be posting that in a bit, but I wanted to start with some information to know for the course as a whole.

Course Materials. You can access everything you need for this class through Canvas: it gives links to the syllabus, assignment descriptions, and more. I'd suggest bookmarking those things separately, though: the [description of this course](https://lucylabs.gatech.edu/kbai/) as a whole, the [syllabus for this semester](https://lucylabs.gatech.edu/kbai/spring-2022/), the [course content on Ed Lessons](https://edstem.org/us/courses/16992/lessons/), and the [course forum on Ed Discussion](https://edstem.org/us/courses/16992/discussion/). I'd recommend reading over the course syllabus as your first major activity in this course.

Lecture Materials. Course content for this course this semester is available on Ed Lessons. You can get to that in one of three ways: via the Ed Lessons link on the sidebar in Canvas, via the open book icon in the top right of Ed Discussion, or [via this direct link](https://edstem.org/us/courses/16992/lessons/).

Course Structure. Every week in this class, you'll have an assignment due. Four of these are milestones to help you stay on track to finish the final course project. Five of these are small coding projects to implement some logic you saw in the lecture material. Three of these are written homeworks to explore the course content or AI as a whole. Two of these are timed, proctored exams. We know it's a lot to juggle: you should make sure to check out the [full course calendar](https://lucylabs.gatech.edu/kbai/spring-2022/full-course-calendar/) for our guide to where you should spend your time each week. Generally, each week you'll finish the current week's assignment and start the next week's assignment, while working in the background on the course project and completing some peer review activities.

Assignment Submission. Most assignments have both a coding section and an essay section. You'll submit your code to Gradescope and your essay to Canvas. For Homeworks, you'll just submit your essay to Canvas. For Exams, you'll take the exam within Canvas. All assignments and other tasks are due at midnight Sunday in the UTC-12 "anywhere on earth" time zone. Assignments will generally be copied over to [Peer Feedback](https://peerfeedback.gatech.edu/app/home) for peer review by 3AM UTC-12 on Mondays (noon Eastern time, 9AM Pacific time).

Peer Review. As with all my classes, we'll use Peer Feedback for peer review in this class. After the first assignment is due, you'll all be automatically enrolled in the class's section on Peer Feedback and given your first tasks, so you don't need to worry about manually accepting an invite. You'll complete peer reviews on every deliverable. These are intended in some ways to mimic the poster sessions on-campus students would put on, although with higher frequency to get more feedback. These contribute to your [participation grade](https://lucylabs.gatech.edu/kbai/spring-2022/class-participation/). And speaking of which...

Participation. Participation is required in this class, but I'm acutely aware of how requiring participation often leads to inauthentic participation. The goal of this class's participation policy is to let you earn your participation credit without really even being aware of it. You can earn participation credit in several ways: completing peer reviews (more credit for completing them earlier), contributing to the forum, completing class surveys, and participating in some other activities we'll have during the semester. We expect most people will earn most of their participation credit through peer reviews: in fact, it is intentionally mathematically possible to earn most of your participation credit through peer review (including extras) and surveys alone. The full [participation policy](https://lucylabs.gatech.edu/kbai/spring-2022/class-participation/) can be found on the course web site.

Ed Discussion. This semester, we're using Ed Discussion as the forum for this class. You can find a link to it on the left sidebar of Canvas, and you can read their quickstart guide for more information. We'll use the forum a lot in this class. To me, the forum is the classroom for this class: lecture videos are like the textbook and Canvas is the box at the front of the room where you drop your homework, but the forum is the analogy for the physical classroom. I'd recommend checking in on the forum every day, even if for only a few minutes. You won't post something every day, but it's a lot easier to keep up a little at a time than a lot at once. You don't need to worry about reading everything that's posted to the forum, though: important things will be shared via announcements.

Course Communication: Us to You. Any official course communication will be posted via a Canvas and forum announcement. You should make sure to set your Canvas notifications to receive adequate notice when a Canvas announcement is posted. You are responsible for reading any announcements within 24 hours of when they are sent, though we'll almost never send anything that time sensitive.

Course Communication: You to Us. Generally, you should communicate to us via the forum. You can post privately to the instructors if you want to communicate privately. If you've already received an answer to a thread, but need some more information, make sure that there is no answer marked as Accepted. We regularly filter the forum by unresolved questions, so make sure your question remains marked unresolved until you've receive a complete answer, including any follow-ups.

Class Routine. Generally speaking, you'll have something due most Sunday nights at 11:59PM UTC-12 (which, unless any of you live on uninhabited islands in the south Pacific, will be sometime Monday).

There are no stupid questions! If any questions at all come to mind, please don't hesitate to ask. It's likely that we've overlooked including some detail somewhere, or we're glossing over some important content that should be more clearly emphasized. Don't hesitate to ask any questions that come to mind!


In a little while, I'll post the start-of-week announcements for the first week, which will tell you what you should do this week.

Follow-up on this thread on the forum: @990778
